[docs] Update apollo-telemetry to mention that FTV1 is required for errors (#3442)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/apollo-telemetry.mdx

- To prevent your router from reporting error information at all, you can set the `send` option to `false`.
- To include all error details in your router's reports to GraphOS, you can set the `redact` option to `false`.

<blockquote>

**Your subgraph libraries must support federated tracing (also known as FTV1 tracing) to provide errors to GraphOS.**

> - To confirm support, check the `FEDERATED TRACING` entry for your library on [this page](/federation/building-supergraphs/supported-subgraphs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To confirm support:
- Check the `FEDERATED TRACING` entry for your library on [this page](/federation/building-supergraphs/supported-subgraphs).
```

Author: Yep, this was taken verbatim from above section: https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/apollo-telemetry#reporting-field-level-traces

> - Consult your library's documentation to learn how to enable federated tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If is federated tracing isn't yet enabled, consult your library's documentation to learn how to enable it.
```

Is there a link or generic instruction we can point readers to for "your library's documentation"? It could be that this is obvious to readers already and we don't need it. (Still learning the ropes 😅.)

Author: Not really since "your library" would be what every GraphQL library they are using

>     - If you use Apollo Server with `@apollo/subgraph`, federated tracing support is enabled automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Placing this up top.

> - If is federated tracing isn't yet enabled, consult your library's documentation to learn how to enable it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If federated tracing isn't enabled automatically for your library, consult its documentation to learn how to enable it.
```
